# EDC
Ecuadorian currency origins!

Ecuadorian currency, which is a digital currency issued by the Central Bank of the Ecuadorian Government, launched in Ecuador in December 2014, with an Ecuadorian membership of 500,000 by 2015, which will be recognized by investors after launching the European and Asian markets in 2015 And sought after and achieved complete success, will be the end of September 2016 a strong start in the Chinese market, and will be limited in China issued 50 million, with a strong scarcity! This is an international hot topic in the world with a wide range of followers. History The Ecuadorian currency is a P2P form of digital code. The Ecuadorian currency is generated by a large number of calculations based on a specific algorithm, and the Ecuadorian economy uses a distributed database of nodes in the entire P2P network to identify and record all transactions!


What algorithm does Ecuador use?

Ecuadorian currency using SHA256 algorithm technology, POW workload proof mechanism. Ecuadorian coins are mined through the SSL licensing agreement and are more secure using bank-defensive grading. Ecuadorian coins can be mined using high-configuration graphics processors (GPUs), which can be mined more efficiently by authorized miners, so that Ecuadorian coins can be mined, Open fair and just way to allow all Ecuadorian currency lovers to mining.



Safety of Ecuadorian coins
De-centric encryption of digital coins, which is a point-to-point virtual currency encrypted currency, it exists in all the global network nodes, it can not close it, Ecuador currency mining machine 24 hours a day mining, mining Ecuador currency Trading platform to complete the transaction to obtain the proceeds, the Ecuadorian currency mining is through the SCRYPT algorithm, the past period of time without the Ecuadorian currency network-approved transaction information collection, sorting, all nodes on the whole network broadcast, and eventually all nodes recognize To get the Ecuadorian currency in the process. Mining is the only way to issue new currency, for the issuance of new currency, to maintain the payment function of Ecuador, to ensure system security, has a significant impact.
Each of the Ecuadorian coins and transactions are dug up on a Blockchain (information chain). We call the newly added output or transaction record a block, and the average update period of the information is daily; the Block output is approximately 3-78 per day, depending on the size of the machine , Beginning in September 2016, each block contains about N Ecuadorian currency, that is, about N days a Ecuadorian currency was dug; Ecuadorian currency mining as far as possible using professional KnCMiner mining machine for mining. Currently Ecuadorian currency has been built to complete the mining industry chain, including mining machine chip design and development, mining production and sales, mine hosting, mine deployment, and so on.




The Ecuadorian currency works:
The Ecuadorian currency is stored in digital form in networks and electronic devices. It provides all users with a private wallet account in Ecuador, which allows the user's wallet to be transmitted and received in Ecuador.
The network shares a common consolidated ledger known as the "block chain". This classified account contains a detailed record of all completed transactions, the user can verify each transaction information through the computer, the ongoing transaction information is automatically sent to other users through the signing agreement to confirm the transaction, all users with their own electronic wallet address to send Ecuadorian currency has full control.

Ecuador Currency What are the advantages:

1. Freedom to pay: Any amount in the world can be sent and received in any amount of Ecuador. Not subject to bank holidays, nor subject to national boundaries, there is no mandatory restrictions. The Ecuadorian currency gives its users complete control over their digital currency.

2. Low handling fees: ECBs are cheaper to use, and the Merchant processor can help traders trade Ecuador, convert the Ecuadorian currency into legal tender and deposit funds directly into the merchant's bank account each day. A small fee, since these services are initiated by the Ecuadorian currency, tam costs than other third-party payment or credit card much cheaper, in addition to the completion of the Ecuadorian currency through the exchange transactions into the national currency will also receive a small amount of legal fees .

3. Lower business risk: Ecuador currency trading is very safe, it does not contain any user's personal information. This avoids the loss of business due to fraudulent chargebacks, the use of Ecuador currency trading procedures are lower, effectively reducing the operating costs of businesses.

4. Security in control: Ecuador users have full control over their transactions, and merchants will not be forced to receive unwanted or unnoticed charges, as in other payment methods, and do not pay for Ecuador Personal confidence and transaction binding. This can be effectively stolen from the identity of the house. Users of Ecuadorian currency can also protect their digital assets with backup and encryption.

5. Transparency and neutrality: Any transaction information on the Ecuadorian currency can be found in the block chain, any user can clearly verify and ready to use. No person or organization can control or manipulate the Ecuadorian currency agreement because it is securely encrypted. This makes the core of the Ecuadorian currency can be trusted to be completely neutral.

6. The Ecuadorian currency can only take one minute to process a block chain, while the bit currency takes 10 minutes to deal with a block chain, the transaction faster.

7. Ecuadorian currency in China limited the total exploitation of 50 million, about 3-5 years time mining.

8. Ecuador currency using SHA256 encryption algorithm, fast POW workload certification mechanism + SSL protocol

9. Ecuador's currency is only one minute to generate blocks, the need for six transactions confirmed that the actual transaction is only 10 minutes, while the actual transaction of the bit currency actually takes 30 minutes to 1 hour.

10. The Ecuadorian currency is expected to be fully mined and circulated in the market in about three to five years, with a much shorter time-to-market and a higher demand than Bitcoin.
